This program consists of a collection of utilities for importing and 
processing hazard data from the Chemical Management Center, part of a 
Japanese governmental organization called the National Institute for 
Technology Evaluation. In the source code, the dataset is referred to
as the ``GHS Japan country list''. The data was originally downloaded
in September 2013 from:

http://www.safe.nite.go.jp/english/ghs/ghs_index.html.

The code is used to automatically translate data to GreenScreen format 
and perform a GreenScreen benchmark assessment. The translation from 
GHS classification to GreenScreen hazard classification is performed 
using the GreenScreen List Translator v1.2. The entire benchmarking process, 
including the initial import of data from the GHS Japan country list,
translation to GreenScreen representation, and performing an overall 
benchmark score, is completely computer automated. The resulting data is
exported in a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) file format and is 
suitable to be uploaded to a document storage system or relational 
database for later retrieval.

Please register with the nonprofit group, Clean Production Action, to 
receive specific details on the benchmarking and translation methodology.
http://www.greenscreenchemicals.org/method/?/Greenscreen.php


After cloning the project, the Python program can be executed directly:
    cd greenscreen_framework
    ./greenscreen_framework.py

Alternatively, any of the functions contained within the module can be 
reused in other Python applications. 

For convenience, a setup.py file is provided to install the module on 
your Python system path.

From the root directory of the project, build / install the python module:
    python setup.py install

The greenscreen_framework module can then be imported in other Python 
applications by importing the greenscreen_framework module at the top 
of a Python script.
    import greenscreen_framework

Refer to the main() function at the end of the greenscreen_framework.py
for example usage.

The code requires that the lxml python module for processing XML data 
and the xlrd module for reading Excel spreadsheets are installed on the 
system.

Copyright 2013-2015 Kristopher Wehage
University of California-Davis
