Note: the pre_january_2015 branch is provided for historical significance
only and is not currently compatible with the data on Japan's National
Institute for Technology Evaluation website.

As of January 2015, the format of the excel data changed. The scripts in this
branch are only compatible with the old data format. The 'master'
branch has also received numerous updates from this version:

    * A GHS Japan and GreenScreen class are provided to better encapsulate
      code. The benchmarking process is now much easier to follow.
    * Most try and except clauses have been replaced with Python generators.
      As a result, the master branch is about 8-10 times faster than the
      present branch.
    * In the present branch, the 'main' function contains a script for batch
      processing data. In the master branch, the batch processing script
      has been separated in to a second file, and is installed on the system
      path when the user runs `python setup.py install`


This program consists of a collection of utilities for importing and
processing hazard data from the Chemical Management Center, part of a
Japanese governmental organization called the National Institute for
Technology Evaluation. In the source code, the dataset is referred to
as the ``GHS Japan country list''. The data was originally downloaded
in September 2013 from:

http://www.safe.nite.go.jp/english/ghs/ghs_index.html.

The code is used to automatically translate data to GreenScreen format
and perform a GreenScreen benchmark assessment. The translation from
GHS classification to GreenScreen hazard classification is performed
using the GreenScreen List Translator v1.2. The entire benchmarking process,
including the initial import of data from the GHS Japan country list,
translation to GreenScreen representation, and performing an overall
benchmark score, is completely computer automated. The resulting data is
exported in a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) file format and is
suitable to be uploaded to a document storage system or relational
database for later retrieval.

Please register with the nonprofit group, Clean Production Action, to
receive specific details on the benchmarking and translation methodology.
http://www.greenscreenchemicals.org/method/?/Greenscreen.php


After cloning the project, the Python program can be executed directly:
    cd greenscreen_framework
    ./greenscreen_framework.py

Alternatively, any of the functions contained within the module can be
reused in other Python applications.

For convenience, a setup.py file is provided to install the module on
your Python system path.

From the root directory of the project, build / install the python module:
    python setup.py install

The greenscreen_framework module can then be imported in other Python
applications by importing the greenscreen_framework module at the top
of a Python script.
    import greenscreen_framework

Refer to the main() function at the end of the greenscreen_framework.py
for example usage.

The code requires that the lxml python module for processing XML data
and the xlrd module for reading Excel spreadsheets are installed on the
system.

Copyright 2013-2015 Kristopher Wehage
University of California-Davis
